The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Your time is limited, don’t waste it living someone else’s life. - Steve Jobs
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. - Alan Kay
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can’t accept not trying. - Michael Jordan
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it. - Anonymous
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you. - Walt Whitman
It always seems impossible until it’s done. - Nelson Mandela
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. - Aristotle
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides. - David Viscott
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. - Audrey Hepburn
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope. - Maya Angelou
You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. - Dr. Seuss
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return. - Eden Ahbez
Love is when the other person’s happiness is more important than your own. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
To love is nothing. To be loved is something. But to love and be loved, that’s everything. - T. Tolis
Love doesn’t make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile. - Franklin P. Jones
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more. - Nicholas Sparks
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. - Philippians 4:13
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future. - Jeremiah 29:11
The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want. - Psalm 23:1
Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go. - Joshua 1:9
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. - 1 Corinthians 13:4
And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose. - Romans 8:28
Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding. - Proverbs 3:5
The Lord is my light and my salvation—whom shall I fear? - Psalm 27:1
But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness. - Galatians 5:22
Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you. - 1 Peter 5:7
The name of the Lord is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe. - Proverbs 18:10
For we walk by faith, not by sight. - 2 Corinthians 5:7
And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. - Philippians 4:7
But those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary, they will walk and not be faint. - Isaiah 40:31
So now faith, hope, and love abide, these three; but the greatest of these is love. - 1 Corinthians 13:13
The Lord bless you and keep you; the Lord make his face shine on you and be gracious to you. - Numbers 6:24-25
But seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things will be added to you. - Matthew 6:33
The Lord is good to all; he has compassion on all he has made. - Psalm 145:9
Even though I walk through the darkest valley, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me. - Psalm 23:4
Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good; his love endures forever. - 1 Chronicles 16:34





